Add a ocis init description page (#240)
owncloud/docs-ocis: modules/ROOT/pages/deployment/general/ocis-init.adoc

= The ocis init Command
:toc: right
:description: When setting up ocis, the ocis init command can be used for basic configuration but is generally not suitable for all environments. This document describes the details. 

== Introduction

{description}

== When to Use

> In general, the xref:deployment/general/general-info.adoc#initialize-infinite-scale[ocis init] command initialises ocis _for the first run_ and creates an `ocis.yaml` configuration file. See xref:deployment/general/general-info.adoc#configuration-rules[Configuration Rules] for the file location. This command is helpful if you do not provide the necessary settings manually, but some rules apply.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In general, the xref:deployment/general/general-info.adoc#initialize-infinite-scale[ocis init] command initializes ocis _for the first run_ and creates an `ocis.yaml` configuration file. See xref:deployment/general/general-info.adoc#configuration-rules[Configuration Rules] for the file location. This command is helpful if you do not provide the necessary settings manually, but some rules apply.
```

* When using the xref:deployment/binary/binary-setup.adoc[Binary Setup], the command *is recommended* to be run manually once before first usage, though you can also fully configure the initial setup manually.

> * When using the xref:deployment/container/container-setup.adoc[Container Setup], the command *runs automatically* when starting the container and no configuration file can be found. It skips the initialisation step if an `ocis.yaml` config file was found.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* When using the xref:deployment/container/container-setup.adoc[Container Setup], the command *runs automatically* when starting the container and no configuration file can be found. It skips the initialization step if an `ocis.yaml` config file was found.
```

> * When using xref:deployment/container/orchestration/orchestration.adoc[Container Orchestration] like with Docker Compose or Kubernetes - Helm Charts, the `ocis init` command *MUST NOT* be used and all configuration parameters must be handed over either via environment variables and/or via the Helm Chart / yaml files. Use the provided Helm Charts as your configuration base and in case derive to Docker Compose.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* When using xref:deployment/container/orchestration/orchestration.adoc[Container Orchestration] like with Docker Compose or Kubernetes - Helm Charts, the `ocis init` command *MUST NOT* be used and all configuration parameters must be handed over either via environment variables and/or via the Helm Chart / yaml files. Use the provided Helm Charts as your configuration base and adjust for Docker Compose as needed.
```

> * When using xref:deployment/container/orchestration/orchestration.adoc[Container Orchestration] like with Docker Compose or Kubernetes - Helm Charts, the `ocis init` command *MUST NOT* be used and all configuration parameters must be handed over either via environment variables and/or via the Helm Chart / yaml files. Use the provided Helm Charts as your configuration base and adjust for Docker Compose as needed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* When using xref:deployment/container/orchestration/orchestration.adoc[Container Orchestration] like with Docker Compose or Kubernetes with Helm Charts, the `ocis init` command *MUST NOT* be used and all configuration parameters must be handed over either via environment variables and/or via the Helm Chart / yaml files. Use the provided Helm Charts as your configuration base and adjust for Docker Compose as needed.
```

> == When to Not Use

Reviewer: ```suggestion
== When Not to Use
```

> Whenever there is a change in the existing configuration, independent if `ocis init` was run before, `ocis init` will:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Whenever there is a change in the existing configuration, independent of if `ocis init` was run before, `ocis init` will:
```

> Whenever there is a change in the existing configuration, independent of if `ocis init` was run before, `ocis init` will:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Whenever there is a change in the existing configuration, independent of whether `ocis init` was run before, `ocis init` will:
```

* *fail* if it finds an existing `ocis.yaml` file.
* *not update* any existing configuration.
* overwrite an existing configuration when using the `--force-overwrite` command option - *which is intended for developers only*. For details see the xref:deployment/general/general-info.adoc#initialize-infinite-scale[ocis init] command.

== How to Apply Changes

> * When there are changes needed post running `ocis init`, these changes must be applied via environment variables and/or yaml files to take effect.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* If changes are necessary after running `ocis init`, these changes must be applied via environment variables and/or yaml files to take effect.
```

> * When there are changes post running `ocis init` - if applicapable, these changes must be applied via environment variables and/or yaml files to take effect.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* When there are changes needed post running `ocis init`, these changes must be applied via environment variables and/or yaml files to take effect.
```
